[Music]
How are you my dear Lovers of the
heart as we already announced on the other TV
save yourself who can next
November 10th premieres on the
Netflix platform the format in which the
collaborators of save me traveled through
Latin America and that after the end of
save me lived a fun Adventure
belen Esteban terelu Campos Kiko
Matamoros vor Sandoval María Patiño
Chelo García Cortés and Kiko Hernández
recover the spirit of save me in this
case on the well-known platform after
confirming that the day of the long-awaited
premiere will be next November 10th
now we also know the exact time of
the broadcast at 9:00 p.m. on this day
the first three
episodes of this new program will premiere all at once and the
most curious thing is that this premiere coincides
with Friday night in what
was traditionally the
deluxe time slot in these first installments we will
be able to see the collaborators
putting Miami up in their
search for a new job the
following three chapters capture the journey of
Belén Esteban terelu  Campos Kiko
Matamoros Lidia Lozano Chelo García
Cortés Víctor Sandoval Kiko Hernández and
María Patiño in Mexico and will premiere
in 2024 with this new program
Netflix is ​​​​testing a new way of
broadcasting by scheduling
the premiere of a format at a specific time in the middle of Prime Time
since normally its
content is uploaded to the platform
first thing in the morning at 9 and well family leave
in the comments What do you think about this
new attempt to return from Sálvame that I will be
reading them remember to leave
your like and subscribe to
always be up to date with all the news of the
heart a hug
family